So friends, my name is Nikhil and I had
taken an ICICI LB policy for my Ola
electric scooter, the policy
number of which is this and the claim number of the claim that I had filed is this.
I live
in Delhi and I have an Ola electric
scooter for which I had taken an ICICI LBD
policy.  When I bought this Ola scooter,
I had taken this policy and got it
renewed.  Even after that I
renewed ICICI and I did it in 5 years, that is, it has been a
total of 4 years since I bought the Ola scooter.  No claim has been made yet.
But now I
need to make a claim.  In which also
they have rejected my claim.
I will tell you in the entire video what all
fraud they did with me.
And the best thing is, look at his lines,
what do he say?  ICICI LB keeps its promises, they say
they keep their promises but they do
n't keep even a single promise.  The accident that happened to me happened on
3 June 2025.  So what happened
?  I went to my relative's place.
I had parked my scooter there on the 3rd.
Parking is a short distance away.  Meaning there
is no parking.  It is such a local area so
I parked there.  Now
what happened there?  There a truck driver
hit her scooter where she was parked
and it must have fallen somewhere, there was a big pothole there, so
it broke at two-three places, so
what happened after that I did
not register any claim etc. because it was
not broken that much, so what happened gradually, as the
scooter started moving,
problems started coming in it and there was a
crack on the front headlight, so
gradually the crack increased and
its front headlight started hanging down from here
and two-three
parts of it started breaking at other places, so
after that I filed the claim,
I filed the claim on 20th, that is, after a total of 17
days because at that time I did
not feel the need and I said why, you
mean to trouble someone because I
know that claim is not given so easily, so
I also filed the claim quite late, but
they need an excuse for everything, so
first of all, to give the claim, they
registered my claim, they said that you will have to go to
Ola's garage, they filed the claim of Ola  They did
not tell me any garage, they gave wrong addresses,
all the addresses are wrong on their website also
and the link they sent me on email
also gave me wrong address,
although I had to find out my Gogula address myself with great difficulty by
asking my relatives,
after that I took the scooter to Noida, there was so much
crowd in Noida that they told me to take it back and get the
survey done on video call.
Survey is not possible here.  Because
whenever we have to make a claim, we have to get a survey done.
Whether it is done on video call or
someone from the company comes and does it.
So he then conducted a video call survey.  Now
when did the video call survey even take place?  The
accident happened at the end of June, i.e. on June 3.
I had complained to them on 20th June.
Then even after I took her on 20th June,
he took 10 days to even make a video call.
So the survey was conducted after 10 days.  When the
survey was conducted, he himself did not
tell.  I called and asked brother, what
happened?  Why hasn't my claim been processed yet
?  So he said that your damage
is more and you will have to undergo physical inspection, that is,
your person will come from the company and he will see
where and how much damage is there.  Then after 7 days,
what they said was that there will be a physical
inspection of the survey which
they had got done on 31st i.e. at the end of June.
Then after 7 days i.e. on 7th
July, he said that there will be a physical survey
and on 31st July i.e. after a month,
he sent his man for the physical survey, that is,
he wasted 2 months just like that.
They sent someone for physical survey
and he is asking me for unnecessary things.
This is my Google timeline which is
my personal date.  But I still gave it to
him.  He is asking for my relative's
address so that he can go there and check whether the
accident really happened or not.
I gave that to him also.  Then he
asked for proof of my physical presence,
meaning you were there.  Now tell me how do I
prove that I was there.  Ok?  Well,
I would have given them some proof of that too.
After that he asked for proof that my brother had gone with me and that my
brother had gone with you.
Give proof of that and give his address.   I
mean don't say such things,
even a 10 year old child will say what are you saying,
after that he still gave me all the
details that he asked for, I gave him my
Google timeline, my
address of the recipient, told everyone's names,
gave all the documents, then there was
no reply from him, even after that there was
no reply from him,
even after the physical inspection, then I had to
call my surveyor,
his name is Shrikant, I called him,
he also did not respond, then
after a long time I get a call back, then he
tells me that your claim has been rejected,
I said what is this, how did it get
rejected, you are rejecting it without any proof, you are
postponing it for two months and after that you are
telling me that it has been rejected, when I am calling you, it
means you are not calling yourself, no
mail is coming, no rejection letter is coming,
then after a long time with great difficulty, on 7th August,
they gave me the rejection
letter of the claim, in that too only a rejection letter
No one gave me an estimate as to
how much your car is costing,
which we are rejecting, and the reason
they gave for the reduction was
driver details misrepresentation, that is,
they said that you were
driving the car, that is, I had
told them that brother, my brother was driving the car,
I was sitting in the pillion, and then
when the accident happened, the car was in the parking lot, that is, it was
not moving, so it does not matter whether he was
driving the car or I was driving, so
they
said that brother, you are giving wrong description of the driver's details
and there is no 'L' written on your car
because you have a learning
license.  I have a learning license and what my brother has is a
valid permanent
license.  Ok?  He was driving the car.  The
car is in my name and he was driving it.
He has a permanent license.  I have a
learning license.  So they caught hold of the fact
that brother, you have a learning
license.  The car is in your name and
you were driving it.  While someone else was driving.
And secondly, whoever was driving the
vehicle, it was parked in the parking lot at the time of the
accident, so they
rejected my claim using this excuse. Right now,
I have
complained against them to the insurance overs man and let's see
what happens next. It has been more than 100 days now.
Earlier, my scooter was running
but now I don't know what has happened to it, it is
not even taking charging, it is
not running, it is neither starting nor
stopping, it is lying dead and it is getting heated separately.
Now I feel that
its battery has become dead or
is about to become dead due to which it is getting heated
and it may also be getting blasted. It is
not a big deal because you must have seen
that Ola scooters used to get blasted.
This next one which would have broken from here
because it is a single shocker is not a big deal.
Now if anything happens, they will
raise their hands.  Yes, there was no
blast from ours.  Whereas they are delaying it
and they have also rejected it.
So friends, my appeal to you is
that whenever you take insurance, do it
very thoughtfully as to which company to
take it from and which company not to take it from.
Ask at 10 places and the biggest thing is ICICI
Lombard, you have already seen its
condition.  It is such a big company.
ICICI Bank is different, ICICI LB is different.
Still this is their condition.  So
this is my request to the company that please
stop harassing me.  Either give me my
claim amount or get my scooter
repaired.  Because the policy holder
buys the policy with a lot of confidence.  First of all,
no one buys it.  Whoever buys it,
buys it with confidence that whatever happens to me
or my scooter,
I will get the claim.
But when big companies make
claims and take money, or make policies, they do
not ask for any details.  But when it comes to
giving the claim, 10 details are required
and even after they are completed, the claim
is rejected.  So friends, I hope you found
everything correct.  If you have any
doubt, you can ask in the comments.  You should share this
video with as many of your friends as possible
so that they too can know the truth about this company.
See you in the next video.
Goodbye till then.